PCX 8432 - Update replace your VPN to new LP version (#12034)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/_partials/_reverse-proxy-benefits.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

The benefits of a reverse proxy include:

**Load balancing**: A popular website that gets millions of users every day may not be able to handle all of its incoming site traffic with a single origin server. Instead, the site can be distributed among a pool of different servers, all handling requests for the same site. In this case, a reverse proxy can provide a load balancing solution which will distribute the incoming traffic evenly among the different servers to prevent any single server from becoming overloaded. In the event that a server fails completely, other servers can step up to handle the traffic.

> **Protection from attacks**: With a reverse proxy in place, a web site or service never needs to reveal the IP address of their origin server(s). This makes it much harder for attackers to leverage a targeted attack against them, such as a DDoS attack. Instead the attackers will only be able to target the reverse proxy, such as Cloudflare’s CDN, which will have tighter security and more resources to fend off a cyber attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Protection from attacks**: With a reverse proxy in place, a website or service never needs to reveal the IP address of their origin server(s). This makes it much harder for attackers to leverage a targeted attack against them, such as a DDoS attack. Instead the attackers will only be able to target the reverse proxy, such as Cloudflare’s CDN, which will have tighter security and more resources to fend off a cyber attack.
```
